sql: refine doc for admin (#2075)
pingcap/docs: reference/sql/statements/admin.md

* `NUM`: to view the last `NUM` results in the completed DDL job queue. If not specified, `NUM` is by default 10.
* `WHERE`: to add filter conditions.

> To view the original SQL statements of the DDL job corresponding to the `job_id`, use `ADMIN SHOW DDL JOB QUERIES`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the original SQL statements of the DDL job corresponding to `job_id`, use `ADMIN SHOW DDL JOB QUERIES`:
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN SHOW DDL JOB QUERIES job_id [, job_id] ...;
```

> To cancel the running DDL job corresponding to the `job_id`, and return whether the job has been cancelled, use `ADMIN CANCEL DDL JOBS`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cancel the running DDL job corresponding to `job_id`, use `ADMIN CANCEL DDL JOBS`. The returned result shows whether the job has been successfully cancelled. If not, the result will show the detailed failure information.
```

> To cancel the running DDL job corresponding to `job_id`, use `ADMIN CANCEL DDL JOBS`. This statement returns the message that says whether the job has been cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cancel the running DDL job corresponding to `job_id`, use `ADMIN CANCEL DDL JOBS`. Executing this statement returns the message that indicates whether the job has been cancelled.
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN CANCEL DDL JOBS job_id [, job_id] ...;
```

> To check the consistency of all the data and corresponding indexes in the `tbl_name` table, use `ADMIN CHECK TABLE`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the consistency of all the data and corresponding indexes in the `tbl_name` table, use `ADMIN CHECK TABLE`. If the consistency check is passed, an empty result is returned. Otherwise, the error of data inconsistency is returned.
```

> To check the consistency of all the data and corresponding indexes in the `tbl_name` table, use `ADMIN CHECK TABLE`. If the consistency check is passed, an empty result is returned. On failure, return an error message says that data is inconsistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the consistency of all the data and corresponding indexes in the `tbl_name` table, use `ADMIN CHECK TABLE`. If the consistency check is passed, an empty result is returned. Otherwise, an error message is returned indicating that the data is inconsistent.
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
ADMIN CHECK TABLE tbl_name [, tbl_name] ...;
```

> To overwrite the metadata of the stored table in an untrusted way in extreme cases, use `ADMIN REPAIR TABLE`. Here “untrusted” means that it must be ensured that the metadata of the original table is covered by the `CREATE TABLE STATEMENT` operation. In order to use this “REPAIR” statement, you need to first enable the `repair-mode` configuration item, and make sure that the tables to be repaired are listed in the `repair-table-list`.

Reviewer: Why `the original table must be covered by the CREATE TABLE STATEMENT operation`  means untrusted?
```suggestion
To overwrite the metadata of the stored table in an untrusted way in extreme cases, use `ADMIN REPAIR TABLE`. Here “untrusted” means that the metadata of the original table must be covered by the `CREATE TABLE STATEMENT` operation. To use this `REPAIR` statement,  first enable the `repair-mode` configuration item, and make sure that the tables to be repaired are listed in the `repair-table-list`.
```

Author: ![图片](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12612867/77381640-6939e280-6db9-11ea-99a8-7ef952a51242.png)
